docs: enhance README with technical architecture details (#261)
ubiquity-os-marketplace/text-conversation-rewards: README.md

   bun run server
   ```

## Technical Architecture

> The Text Conversation Rewards system is a sophisticated GitHub Action that revolutionizes open source collaboration by implementing an AI-powered reward mechanism for quality contributions.

Reviewer: This could be reworded to focus more on essentially assigning a monetary value to any contributor comment in the context of a work project with a specification.

### Core Components

#### Content Evaluation Engine

> At the heart of the system is a sophisticated content evaluation module that leverages OpenAI's GPT-4 model to analyze the quality of contributions. Here's how it works:

Reviewer: I think again here and with all the other, readmes you edited, stick with being agnostic for the LLM brand because we've been either using open router or are planning on migrating everything to open router.

1. The system processes both issue comments and pull request review comments through different evaluation pipelines.

2. For issue comments, it generates a context-aware prompt that includes:
   - The original issue description
   - All comments in the conversation for context
   - The specific comments being evaluated

3. The evaluation process handles GitHub-flavored markdown intelligently:
   - It distinguishes between quoted text (starting with '>') and original content
   - Only evaluates the commenter's original contributions

>    - Considers the relationship between comments and their context

Reviewer: There's also some other interesting Pre processing like I know that we only credit for unique links. @gentlementlegen please highlight the other relevant capabilities here.

Reviewer 2: It removes user commands, also considers timestamps of comments to remove the user ones that were posted during assignment, it looks at linked pull-requests comments as well.

1. Security Checks:
   - Validates that the issue is collaborative
   - Verifies private key permissions against organization and repository IDs
   - Implements a multi-format encryption system for private keys

2. Fee Processing:
   - Automatically calculates and deducts platform fees
   - Supports token-specific fee exemptions through whitelist
   - Creates treasury allocations for fee distribution

3. Reward Distribution:
   - Generates ERC20 token permits for each contributor
   - Stores permit data securely in a Supabase database
   - Creates claimable reward URLs in the format: `https://pay.ubq.fi?claim=[encoded_permit]`

### Technical Implementation Details

#### Token Management
The system uses decimal.js for precise token calculations:
```typescript
const feeRateDecimal = new Decimal(100).minus(env.PERMIT_FEE_RATE).div(100);
const totalAfterFee = new Decimal(rewardResult.total)
  .mul(feeRateDecimal)
  .toNumber();
```

#### Smart Token Handling
For large conversations, the system implements intelligent token management:
```typescript
_calculateMaxTokens(prompt: string, totalTokenLimit: number = 16384) {

>   const tokenizer = encodingForModel("gpt-4o-2024-08-06");

Reviewer: Oh so because we are using a tokenizer we can't really use OpenRouter? @gentlementlegen Rfc

Reviewer 2: Why not? We should make this configurable probably, but OpenRouter does not need a `maxToken` setting? This is all that the tokenizer does here, set the limit for `max_tokens`

Reviewer: Estimates are model specific. But also I thought we made the strategy reactive where if the api rejects the request for being too large, then we split and try again? 

In which case tokenization doesn't matter much.

  const inputTokens = tokenizer.encode(prompt).length;
  return Math.min(inputTokens, totalTokenLimit);
}
```

#### Database Integration

> The system maintains a comprehensive record of all permits and rewards:

Reviewer 2: Not sure if that belongs here

   bun run server
   ```

## Technical Architecture

> The Text Conversation Rewards system is a sophisticated GitHub Action that revolutionizes open source collaboration by implementing an AI-powered reward mechanism for quality contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin revolutionizes open source collaboration by implementing an AI-powered reward mechanism for quality contributions.
```

### Core Components

#### Content Evaluation Engine

> At the heart of the system is a sophisticated content evaluation module that assigns monetary value to contributor comments in the context of work projects with specifications. Here's how it works:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the heart of the system is a content evaluation module that assigns monetary value to contributor comments in the context of work projects with specifications. Here's how it works:
```

1. The system processes both issue comments and pull request review comments through different evaluation pipelines, with comprehensive preprocessing that:

   - Removes user commands (starting with /) and bot responses
   - Filters out quoted text (starting with >)
   - Removes HTML comments and footnotes

>    - Considers comment timestamps to exclude those posted during assignment periods

Reviewer 2: This is only true for the assigned user

>    - For assigned users, considers comment timestamps to exclude those posted during assignment periods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For assigned users, considers comment timestamps to optionally exclude those posted during assignment periods, to reduce gaming 
```
